feat(a380x/flex): Wing flex tuning (#9424)
flybywiresim/aircraft: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [A380X/MFD] Fixed DIRECT TO selection of active waypoint does nothing - @sognodelx (Sven Gross)
1. [A380X/FLIGHT MODEL] Fix for stall and auto-rotation issues- @donstim (donbikes)
1. [A380X/MODEL] Optimized 4K textures - @Repsol

> 1. [A380/WingFlex] Reduced stiffness of wings for more tip up bend - @Crocket63 (crocket)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [A380/WING_FLEX] Reduced stiffness of wings for more tip up bend - @Crocket63 (crocket)
```

Reviewer: Just a minor consistency change for changelog, no code change affected.
